# OS5-Project
This project features the standard set of race conditions with random actions taken by the children. They compete for virtual resources using process control blocks to help with tracking mutual exclusion for the resources. In addition a tiered queuing system is used for priority. If a process uses it's allotted time then it will jump to a lower tier in the queue. If it cannot go any lower then it loops back to top priority. That is the just of this project.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
About the Author:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Jason Klamert
Date: 11/27/2016
Class: Operating Systems
Professor: Professor Jan K.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
General Info:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Description:
This program has a master program that runs to generate slaves of user
number. These slaves operate on a shared memory section that gets 
generated by the master program. All of the children compete for a set
of shared resources like writing to this shared variable and accessing
a file to log a specified message. The master can be tweaked by using
the flags: -s #slaves, -h for help, and -l fileName.
This program is meant to compete for a set of shared resources that
are simulated. Not much has changed from earlier readme.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Help:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Usage format: master [-h, -s #slaves,
-t #seconds till master termination, or -l fileName

Compilation:
To compile the master program use the make file titled 'make'.
Use the following command: 
	make -f make

To compile the slave program use the make file titled 'makeSlave'.
	make -f makeSlave

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Clean:
---------------------------------------------------------------------
The same cleaning operations are in both make files. To trigger a
current directory clean use the following command:
	make -f make clean
	or
	make -f makeSlave clean

